TreeView Hierarchical Data Structure: rewrite (#935)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeView/HierarchicalDataStructure/description.md

> A hierarchical array contains items that can nest other items. To bind the TreeView to a local hierarchical array, assign it to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property as shown in this demo. If you want to process the array or bind the TreeView to remote data, use the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead of **items[]**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following properties to specify data displayed in the TreeView:

* [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) --- allows you to assign a *local* data source. Use an array to specify the collection of items. See an example in this demo.

* [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) --- allows you to assign a *remote* data source. Use a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object to specify how to access data.
```

Regardless of the used property, each item object should include the following fields:

* [id](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#id)             

> Unique item identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique item identifier. Use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr) property to specify a custom name for the field.
```

Author: Why add this sentence here when there's the first sentence on line 20?

* [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#text)         
Text displayed by the item.

* [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#items)           
Nested items (optional).

> You can respectively use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr), [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#displayExpr), and [itemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemsExpr) properties to specify custom names for the above-mentioned fields. Item objects can also include custom fields and properties described in the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) help section. In this demo, specific nodes include custom `price` and `image` fields and the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property from the **items[]** API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Item objects can also include custom fields and properties. See the following help section for more information: [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/).

In this demo, nodes include the `price` and `image` fields that store custom data. Nodes also use the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property that specifies whether a node is collapsed or expanded.
```

> A hierarchical array contains items that can nest other items. To bind the TreeView to such a local array, assign it to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property as shown in this demo. If you want to process the array or bind the TreeView to remote data, use the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead of **items[]**.

Reviewer 2: "Such a local array" reads as "the array is sooooo local" :)

```suggestion
A hierarchical array contains items that can nest other items. To bind the TreeView to a local hierarchical array, assign it to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property as shown in this demo. If you want to process the array or bind the TreeView to remote data, use the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead of **items[]**.
```

> No matter which property is used, each item object should include the following mandatory fields:

Reviewer 2: `items` is optional, so we can't say that these fields are mandatory.

```suggestion
Regardless of the used property, each item object should include the following fields:
```

* [id](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#id)             

> Unique item id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unique item identifier.
```

* [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#text)         
Text displayed by the item.

* [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#items)           

> Nested items if any.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nested items (optional).
```

> You can respectively use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr), [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#displayExpr), and [itemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemsExpr) properties to specify custom names for the mandatory fields. Items can also include developer-defined fields and properties from the **items[]** API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can respectively use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr), [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#displayExpr), and [itemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemsExpr) properties to specify custom names for the above-mentioned fields. Item objects can also include custom fields and properties described in the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) help section. In this demo, specific nodes include custom `price` and `image` fields and the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property from the **items[]** API.
```

> In this demo, we configured the [onItemClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#onItemClick) handler to display a corresponding picture and text when the lowest TreeView items are clicked. Specific nodes use the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property from the **items[]** API and include the developer-defined `price` and `image` fields.

Reviewer 2: I suggest moving the information on `expanded` and other fields to the previous paragraph because we talk about the `items[]` API there. After that, we can remove this paragraph because `onItemClick` isn't related to the topic.

```suggestion
```

Use the following properties to bind the TreeView to hierarchical data:

* [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/)        
Assigns a local array as done in this demo.

* [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource)            
Assigns a DataSource object that allows you to perform data shaping operations and use a remote source. 

Each object in the TreeView's hierarchical data structure should include the following fields:

> * [id](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#id)
> Unique item identifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [id](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#id)        
Unique item identifier.
```

> * [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#text)
> Text displayed by the item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [text](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#text)        
Text displayed by the item.
```

> * [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#items) 
> Nested objects (optional).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#items)         
Nested objects (optional).
```

> You can respectively use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr), [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#displayExpr), and [itemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemsExpr) properties to specify custom names for the above-mentioned fields. Node objects can include developer-defined fields and custom properties from this help section: [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can respectively use the [keyExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#keyExpr), [displayExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#displayExpr), and [itemsExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#itemsExpr) properties to specify custom names for the above-mentioned fields. Node objects can also include developer-defined fields and properties from this help section: [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/).
```

> In this demo, nodes use the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property that specifies whether a node is collapsed or expanded. They also include the developer-defined `price` and `image` fields.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this demo, nodes use the [expanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/#expanded) property, which specifies whether a node is collapsed or expanded. They also include the developer-defined `price` and `image` fields.
```

> To bind the TreeView to a hierarchical array, assign it to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property. If you need to use a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and its diverse API, specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead.

Reviewer 4: Have we changed our guidelines regarding marketing-related words such as 'diverse'? We also don't use the DataSource object, we use DataSource itself, and to use it we specify the corresponding property. You can also add what it allows users to do - group, shape data, etc. Look how it is described in TreeView.items[]: As an alternative to items, you can use the dataSource property. It accepts the DataSource object, whose underlying stores provide an API that allows you to update individual items without reassigning the entire item collection.

```suggestion
To bind the TreeView to a hierarchical array, assign this array to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property. If you need to use a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and its diverse API, specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead.
```

> To bind the TreeView to a hierarchical array, assign this array to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property. If you need to use a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and its diverse API, specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "diverse API", I would suggest being more specific:

```suggestion
To bind the TreeView to a local hierarchical array, assign this array to the [items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/items/) property as shown in this demo. If you want to process the local array or bind the TreeView to remote data, you need to use the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object and specify the [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeView/Configuration/#dataSource) property instead of **items[]**.
```

> No matter which property is used, each hierarchical node should include a `text`, a unique `id`, optional developer-defined fields, and an `items` array if a node nests others. If the **items[]** TreeView property is specified, fields from its API can also be included.

Reviewer 4: This sentence is definitely too long. Let's split it: 
Regardless of the property used, each hierarchical node should include `text` and unique `id` fields. Specify the `items[]` array for the nodes that nest other nodes.

>If the **items[]** TreeView property is specified, fields from its API can also be included.

We can easily get rid of passive here:
You can also specify fields from the TreeView.**items[]** API if you use this property.

> No matter which property is used, each hierarchical node should include a `text`, a unique `id`, optional developer-defined fields, and an `items` array if a node nests others. If the **items[]** TreeView property is specified, fields from its API can also be included.

Reviewer 2: Let's make a list of mandatory fields (`id`, `text`, `items`) and give their descriptions, then say that these names can be different and give links to the Expr properties. Finally, say that there are more node properties (cite `expanded` as an example) and give a link to the items section in the API reference.
